


Nicole.M,  Richelle.Ci, 




enter the workforce：步入职场
I'm glad to have you on board/ welcome on board/ 
I am here to report/I was told to report here/is this the place new recruits report for work?
A good suggestion  (not for all line of work:行业):For MEN  
a tailored suit (特定正装) in a dark hue(深色调) like navy or gray, with a pop of color in your shirt or tie. 

water dispenser:饮水机；开饮机；饮用机    break room:休息室   don't forget to clock in and out before and after you work.
office supplies: paper, pens, stapler,  we hold a regular meeting every month  
daily morning briefing(简报)   show to : 引导；把…拿给…看，把…领（送）到  => let me show you to your desk
show sb to the door  把某人送到门口
scotch tape/stick band:透明胶   paper clip(回形针/binder clip(查图)  sticky note /post-it:(公司常用的那种)便利贴；即时贴
in-tray: 公文格   glue stick(用过的)  stamp:图章，印章   stamp pad  印台  name badge:名牌  employee card(not sure?)

 (to jack, a newcomer)"you can fit right in" 
the teacher put me in charge of(*) oranizing the project
Ken has just finished his postgraduate studies(*)

It’s with great pleasure that I introduce the latest additions to [position name]
It’s my pleasure to welcome our new employee, Jack Smith. 
I’m happy to introduce the newest member of
would honestly appreciate your guidance.(指导，指教)
1.Don’t be late
Get a good night’s sleep before your first day at work to make sure you are feeling refreshed (有精神的) and alert. 
2.   Dress appropriately 
It depends on the company culture at your new workplace. If your company doesn’t have a dress code (着装要求), use your best judgement to decide what’s most appropriate to wear for work.  
3.  Get to know your coworkers
Be friendly and introduce yourself to your coworkers. Learn their names and what they do. 
5.  Shut up and listen 
Don’t act like a know-it-all (自以为无所不知的) on your first day. When you are new to the company, it’s better to listen than talk(*). 
6.  Take notes 
On your first day at work, someone will show you how the various equipment and systems in the office work, and there may be special rules 
that you have to follow. In this case, you write them down and refer back to your (回顾/回头查阅) notes when necessary. 

photocopier  = copying machine    hole punch= puncher
so you want to make double-sided photocopies?
Okay, just put the stack of paper in the tray over here. 
The client file is on 8.5-by-11-inch paper, which is the default paper size.
You just need to press this orange button to change from single-sided to double-sided. 

 
I think I’m coming down with the flu. I have a headache, a sore throat, a runny nose, and I’m feeling slightly feverish. 
I hope to take the day off to recover.
I’ve got a splitting (剧烈的) headache.
The doctor prescribed  [prɪ'skraɪb](开药/规定) some medicine and gave me a shot (打针). 
Make sure you sound sick. You can sniffle (抽鼻涕) or cough very occasionally (偶尔). 


What details should be clarified (讲清楚) before departure (出发)
but you should get there before lunch to settle in ( to arrange yourself and the things you own so you feel more comfortable in a new place)
If you settle in, you become used to living in a new place, doing a new job, or going to a new school. 适应下来(来自有道)
keep me informed/posted
toiletries(洗漱用品)
When traveling for work, you become the face of your department, or even the company. If you want to make a good impression, 
you need to dress the part (穿着合适). 


security guard
press conference:记者招待会，新闻发布会
Paralympics  [,pærə'limpiks]a sporting event, modelled(**) on the Olympic Games, held solely for disabled competitors
Things will go on as scheduled/planned
Did you get everything done today? 
今天的工作都做完了吗？
We are way ahead of schedule.
Are you done with documents? 
你处理完这些文件了吗？
We’re running a little behind.我们有点落后 了。
What are you getting done today?  今天你完成了什么任务？
It’s 70% done.
我们得抓紧了。
There must be no further delays. The drop-date / deadline is next Friday. 
不能再推迟了，最后期限
是下周五。
We’re halfway there. 我们已经完成一半了。
We’re approaching the critical point for success or failure of this project. 
我们正处在关系到整个工程成败的关键时期。
Let’s speed things up. 我们得抓紧了




