英语4:
severity:严重度, seriousness
治本(治病): have a permanent cure/solve the underlying problem 
You can refer to chickens, ducks, and other birds that are kept for their eggs and meat as poultry. 家禽
avian influenzaˌɪnflʊˈɛnzə :禽流感    
avain ['evɪən]:of, relating to, or resembling a bird 鸟的; 鸟类的
loquat:['lokwɑt]  
in chengdu, people have a laid-back/relaxed life  
 An influx of people or things into a place is their arrival there in large numbers. (人或物的) 大量涌入
The Security and Messaging teams have recently noticed an influx of phishing emails with a To: field of hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh@mailinator.com
A miscellaneous ['mɪsə'lenɪəs]group consists of many different kinds of things or people that are difficult to put into a particular category. 各式各样的
A hybrid is an animal or plant that has been bred from two different species of animal or plant. 杂交种
You can use hybrid to refer to anything that is a mixture of other things, especially two other things. 混合物
sneaker:运动鞋
Police formed a cordon ['kɔrdn] between the two crowds
The area was immediately cordoned off
 If someone is disfigured, their appearance is spoiled. 将 (某人) 毁容
cast into:铸成   cast into doubt
If you refer to someone's mindset, you mean their general attitudes and the way they typically think about things. 思维模式; 思想倾向  nowadays, it's parents's mindset ,  that they what their children to study hard
forego: to precede in time, place, etc 走在(时间、位置等)之前   foregone conclusion 不可避免的结局;意料之中的事  
fickle：浮躁的;变幻无常的
闪烁：flicker/blink
Li Ji, or book of rites, a collection of texts describing the social norms, administration, and ceremonial rites of dynasty zhou
big ceremonies were hold to mark this 'passage to adulthood':passage:除了文章，通道，还有
 The passage of someone or something is their movement from one place to another. 通过; 经过
The passage of someone or something is their progress from one situation or one stage in their development to another. 过渡
If you salute [sə'lut] someone, you greet them or show your respect with a formal sign. Soldiers usually salute officers by raising their right hand so that their fingers touch their forehead. 向…打招呼; 向…行军礼
A sign is a movement of your arms, hands, or head which is intended to have a particular meaning. 姿势; 手势
rite,ritual(非正式的仪式): sacrificial ritual:祭祀 
To sacrifice an animal or person means to kill them in a special religious ceremony as an offering to a god. 献祭 
sacrifice:祭品
penal:['pinl] 刑罚的  penal law
feudal: ['fjudl]  封建制度的 feudal society
coalition: [ˌkoʊəˈlɪʃn] 联合；结合，合并 coalition government联合政府 coalition force联军
handling an operation that involves providing labor and materials be supplied as needed 后勤
logistics industry物流产业
spam:罐头肉；垃圾邮件 
junk,refuse, garbage,rubbish,trash
table cloth 桌布  cutlery:餐具 chopping board dish drainer 晾干餐具的容器（类似铁丝筐） dining table(比dinner table更专业) apron:围裙
 Cutlery consists of the knives, forks, and spoons that you eat your food with. 餐具
Tableware consists of the objects used on the table at meals, for example, plates, glasses, or cutlery. 餐具  roll paper   
A crusher is a piece of equipment used for crushing things. 压碎机
a garlic crusher,  ice crusher:刨冰机  egg beater, egg whisk
grill:烤架  electric (rice) cooker:电饭锅  steel/strong box
 If someone dispenses something that they own or control, they give or provide it to a number of people. 分发
 If you obtain a product by getting it out of a machine, you can say that the machine dispenses the product. (机器) 售出 (商品)
dispensable:可有可无的 indispendable:必不可少的 Kitchen cabinet 餐具柜
clothes rail:挂衣杆(衣柜里的，或晾衣服的)  bookcase/book shelf
bedside table 床头柜  mat:席子；垫子  hair dryer bath towel    tub [tʌb] /bathtub:浴盆
towel ring:毛巾环 towel rack/hanger/holder:毛巾架  hanger:衣架
bath mat:防滑垫  shower cap   water faucet=tap
A shower is a device for washing yourself. It consists of a pipe which ends in a flat cover with a lot of holes in it so that water comes out in a spray. 淋浴器
shower nozzle 喷头 hand shower 手握式淋浴器
rug 地毯（一般指小块的，放在沙发等边上的那种） pillow case 枕套
mosquito net 蚊帐  cotton quilt 棉被    feather quilt羽绒被
carpenter 木工electrician 电工utility man 跑龙套，杂务工plumber 管道工painter 油漆工
outlet =power socket:插座 water gauge
 If you gauge the speed or strength of something, or if you gauge an amount, you measure or calculate it, often by using a device of some kind. (常指用仪器) 测量
A gauge is a device that measures the amount or quantity of something and shows the amount measured. 测量仪器
wall light 壁灯  desk/table lamp:台灯 ceiling lamp   bed light/lamp:床头灯
stand fan:落地电扇 electric iron 电熨斗
housework:家务活  household chores:家庭琐事
The connotations [,kɑnə'teʃən] of a particular word or name are the ideas or qualities which it makes you think of. 内涵意义
household applicances: 家庭电器
moisturizer,body lotion:润肤霜   hand lotion = hand cream:护手霜  sun cream:防晒霜 facial mask
greed:贪婪；贪欲
negate [nɪˈɡet] :使无效；否定    !value1=> negate value1
 If you are wary of something or someone, you are cautious because you do not know much about them and you believe they may be dangerous or cause problems. 小心的; 提防的
radix:基数  :10 is the radix of the decimal system
If you say that one thing is reminiscent [,rɛmɪ'nɪsnt] of another, you mean that it reminds you of it. 令人想起的
reminiscentadj. 怀旧的，回忆往事的 reminiscence n. 回忆；怀旧；
ex stack: in what line did the error happen.
If you make a scene, you embarrass people by publicly showing your anger about something. 发脾气; 当众吵闹
If something is done behind the scenes, it is done secretly rather than publicly. 秘密地; 在幕后
You refer to a place as a scene when you are describing its appearance and indicating what impression it makes on you. 景象
It's a scene of complete devastation. 那是一幅满目疮痍的景象。
[I made]: what a great scene of prosperity 
scene还有:场面，现场的意思
The scenery in a country area is the land, water, or plants that you can see around you. 风景; 景色
景区，景点：scenic spot/scenery spot
空地:vacant field/space, (teacerh:empty field, unoccupied field, open space)
underprivileged:贫困的
analogous [ə'næləɡəs]    If one thing is analogous to another, the two things are similar in some way. 类似的 analogously:类似地
The rationale [,ræʃə'næl]for a course of action, practice, or belief is the set of reasons on which it is based. 全部理由; 根本原因
nondestructive:The rationale is that prototype properties are meant to be shared by several objects. This
approach allows us to nondestructively “change” them—only the current object is affected.
Someone who is self-willed is determined to do the things that they want to do and will not take advice from other people. 固执的; 倔强的  
If you forbear  [fɔr'bɛr] to do something, you do not do it although you have the opportunity or the right to do it. 忍住
cone:  n. 圆锥体，圆锥形；[植] 球果vt. 使成锥形
 traffic cone:
If you go over a document, incident, or problem, you examine, discuss, or think about it very carefully. 仔细检查
then go over array methods    literal:=> object literal, array literal
contiguous:连续的  verbose 冗长的；啰嗦的  美 [vɝ'bos]  verbosity[vɚ'bɑsəti]
 Something that is sparse is small in number or amount and spread out over an area. 稀疏的
the last but one, the last but 4(倒数第五); fourth from the end
Keep in mind that sorting compares values by converting them to strings, which means that numbers are not sorted numerically
js=>slice:It copies array elements into a new array, starting at begin, until and excluding the element at end:
arr.slice(begin, end)
 The join() method returns a string representation of an array, and accepts an optional string argument to join the array elements together.
join(separator?) Creates a string by applying toString() to all array elements and putting the string in separator between the results.
indexOf(searchValue, startIndex?) Searches the array for searchValue, starting at startIndex. It returns the index of the first occurrence or –1 if nothing is found.
lastIndexOf(searchElement, startIndex?) Searches the array for searchElement, starting at startIndex, backward
brown nose, apple-polisher,  flatterer, kiss-ass:马屁精 
kiss sb's ass, suck up to :拍马屁
acronym:['ækrənɪm]   首字母缩略词  homonym ['hɑmənɪm]:同音词  synonym  [ˈsɪnənɪm] 近义词
ones place, tens place , hundreds place......
teacher:I limit myself to play pc games once a week, (teacher , said I can use constrain/restrict as well
subconscious  [,sʌb'kɑnʃəs]  潜意识的；n. 潜在意识
autobiography 自传
sit about = sit around:坐着无所事事
procrastination:[pro,kræstə'neʃən]  耽搁，拖延症
 If you procrastinate, you keep leaving things you should do until later, often because you do not want to do them. 拖延; 耽搁
You will receive 500 RMB when your referral(被推荐人) first joins ACTIVE and the remainder after passing their probation.
A referee(裁判) is a person who gives you a reference, for example when you are applying for a job. 介绍人; 推荐人
soak onself in/be immersed in:沉浸于 soak myself in the books   soak up/in:吸收，被深刻领会
nowadays, computers games provide better visual effect and beautiful scene 不是夸张的说: it's not exaggerated:[ɪg'zædʒə'retɪd]
A lapse is a moment or instance of bad behaviour by someone who usually behaves well. (一时的) 行为失检
he occasionally commits grammar lapses
A pad of paper is a number of pieces of paper attached together along the top or the side, so that each piece can be torn off when it has been used. 便笺簿
pneumonia 美 [nʊ'monɪə]   n. 肺炎   Rabies ['rebiz] 狂犬病 tonsil  ['tɑnsl]  扁桃体  tonsillitis['tɑnsə'laɪtɪs]扁桃体炎 sore throat    running nose   get a cough  
Diabetic [,daɪə'bɛtɪk]  I have a upset stomach   diabetes [,daɪə'bitiz] 糖尿病；
chemotherapy[,kimo'θɛrəpi]
plot:情节   storyline:故事情节;剧情
in the company of sb; accompany sb to a place:
She accompanied me to the doctor's.
I went to the doctor's in the company of her.
accompany him through his life.（网上有人说accompnay sb to do sth)
 rush hour(s)       瞪视（瞪一眼):give sb a dirty look, glare
laze away/goof off/
A message of condolence  /kənˈdəʊləns/ is a message in which you express your sympathy for someone because one of their friends or relatives has died recently. 吊唁
go viral: 疯狂传播;像病毒般扩散
茫然不知所措 feel at sea;all at sea ; at a loss 
 Magma ['mæɡmə] is molten rock that is formed in very hot conditions inside the earth. 岩浆
on site；in a coma；ruins(废墟)
 If rain or floods wash away something, they destroy it and carry it away. 冲垮; 冲走  
口号:slogan 对手/竞争者：competitor, rival, contestant
A contestant in a competition or game show is a person who takes part in it. 参赛者/竞争者
national anthem ˈænθəm
hook that(html element) up to event handler for events like click.
引起 ：bring about;cause;give rise to   bring up:养育；提出
Something that divides into two parts and forms a "Y" shape can be described as forked. 叉状的
A swallow is a kind of small bird with pointed wings and a forked tail. 燕子
tomb:[tum]  the dead(not the death)
unravel ʌnˈrævəl the mess/problem/knot
If you unravel something that is knotted, woven, or knitted, or if it unravels, it becomes one straight piece again or separates into its different threads. 解开; 拆散
leave off:中止 I want to start where we left off
Toby will quickly pick up where Sam left off in driving business growth
be left out:忽视，不考虑；被遗忘 I feel I am left out
You can refer to food that has not been eaten after a meal as leftovers. 剩余食物
You use leftover to describe an amount of something that remains after the rest of it has been used or eaten. 剩余的
leftover pieces of wallpaper.剩余的壁纸。

  
d













