Goodwill is a friendly or helpful attitude toward other people, countries, or organizations. 友好 
homeroom teacher:班主任  private teacher:家庭教师
Jim has 70% more apples than Jim. or Jim has 70% less apples than Tom.
Yes, you know some expressions in our own language don't have a direct translation in English so it's kinda difficult also to express what we mean exactly.
Someone who is affable(TEM 8 ['æfəbl] is pleasant and friendly. 和蔼的
Someone who is amiable (Cet 6 + ['emɪəbl]) is friendly and pleasant to be with. 和蔼可亲的
If you describe someone as approachable, you think that they are friendly and easy to talk to. 平易近人的; 友善的
gracious(想想绝望 主妇那女的):亲切的；高尚的；和蔼的；雅致的
 pour your heart out      bottle up something   隐藏   Don't bottle up your anger,  don't bottle it up inside:别把它憋在心里。
 It's not good to bottle up your emotion.
 A buckle is a piece of metal or plastic attached to one end of a belt or strap, which is used to fasten it. (皮带等的) 带扣
When you buckle a belt or strap, you fasten it. 扣紧
If you pour out your thoughts, feelings, or experiences, you tell someone all about them. 倒出 (想法、情感、经历等)
cut through cut the corner   Let's cut through the woods and get ahead of them.  / take a shortcut /    bank teller       driverless car  
I have a long lifetime=>I have a long life
the premise/precondition is that....
unisex:adj. 男女皆宜的 gorgeous is unisex.(unlike beautiful is used with woman)
on top of that: I pick up 5 yuan this morning, and my friend treated me a meal, on top of that, I won the first prize in the contest
If you are feverish, you are suffering from a fever. 发烧的
abduct [æb'dʌkt] (the same as kidnap, but mostly used in journalism ,  child abduction.
journalism  ['dʒɝnl'ɪzəm] Journalism is the job of collecting news and writing about it for newspapers, magazines, television, or radio. 新闻工作
human nature (not inborn character)
vain(not vainglorious),   it's a fulfilling (not fulfilled) day
lantern show    instant noodles:方便面
Care and diligence bring luck
shove your way through the crowd to get off/  shove through to the front
 If you get down to something, especially something that requires a lot of attention, you begin doing it. 着手处理
jeans,    order take-out
the suspicious-looking fellow
accident-prone area/place
-prone combines with nouns to make adjectives that describe people who are frequently affected by something bad. 易受…影响的 (与名词结合构成形容词)
 ...the most injury-prone rider on the circuit.  …赛车道上最容易受伤的车手。
packed out:特别挤的  
packed: extremely full of people挤满人的，非常拥挤的  a packed courtroom 挤满人的法庭
be lousy ['laʊzi] at ,  louse:[laʊs] 虱子
you get me wrong 
nothing beats my mom's cooking
A night owl is someone who regularly stays up late at night, or who prefers to work at night. 夜猫子
sleep in:睡懒觉  oversleep:睡过头
stunning:极好的  stun:vt. 使震惊；打昏；给以深刻的印象
He's stunned by today's resignation of his longtime ally(长期助手, ally有以下意思：助手，帮手；伙伴；). 
idolize [ˈaɪdəlˌaɪz]
our birthdays are 2 days apart
wind down [wɪnd daʊn ] 摇下 (车窗等);平静下来；放松一下; materialistic:物质化的
pricey
词组700:
absence of mind(=being absent-minded)
draw attention, catch my attention
 If you do something of your own accord, you do it because you want to, without being asked or forced. 自愿地 = of one's own (free) will
 If something happens of its own accord, it seems to happen by itself, without anyone making it happen. 自动地
e.g.  In many cases the disease will clear up of its own accord. 
 I do it of my own accord
in accord with(与…一致), in accordance with:(一致，按照)
(****)with one accord(一致地)
take into custody:拘捕
on account of(because of):由于；因为；为了…的缘故
on credit/account:赊账 (好像是on credit)
account for:对…负有责任；对…做出解释；说明……的原因；导致； this accounts for the accident.
adhere to (=abide by, conform to, comply with, cling to, insist on, persist in, observe, 
V-I If something adheres to something else, it sticks firmly to it. 紧贴
•  Small particles adhere to the seed. 
粘附，附着，胶着(to):
Wet clothes adhere to the skin.
once and for all:一劳永逸地;只此一次不再重复 Cure Once And For All 根治 ; 从根本上消除
answer for:
attribute..to...:把..归因于
in the back of 在…后部(里面); on the back of 在…后部(外面); 
be on one’s back(=be ill in bed) 卧病不起.
she turned her back on me:她不理我了；她抛弃我了
in no case would I trust him
confine…to… 把…限制在某范围内
He was confined in an internment 
consult sb. on about sth. 向…征求…方面的意见, 就…向…请教
contrast…with 把…与…相对(对照)
废除，取消；去掉；摆脱；结束：(口语干掉) to do away with some of the old laws
下班：get/come off duty
place(or put, lay) an emphasis on 强调, 把重点放在…上
in favour of 赞成
He hurried home for fear that(in case that) he might miss his guests.
at first sight 乍一看,一见
The food is free of charge in our university
How we wished to be free from(免受，免于；没有…的，不受…影响的) noise
keep to oneself:保密  I will keep it to myself
(*****)(not)in the least(丝毫，一点也不): I don't in the least miss you,Benjamin was not bothered in the least
no more than:仅仅，it's really no more than a means of transportation
above/below the average:中上/下
be short of, shortage of:缺少
know by sight:见过面；面熟
be/go on strick:罢工
on good/bad terms(with):关系好/不好
against one's will:违背意愿地；违心地；不得已
of one's own free will :出于自愿，自愿地，根据自己的愿望
If something sickens(***) you, it makes you feel disgusted. 使厌恶
His heart sickened at the thought of(一想到) that horrible scene.他一想到那种可怕的情景就感到恶心。
We esteem him to be worthy of trust. be worthy of praise/respect/love
at (the) worst:在最坏情况下
have a word with:谈一下  have words with：吵架
by virtue of 依靠…，凭借；由于，因为
round the corner:在拐角处；即将来临；在附近
in the vicinity(nearby),in the vicinity of
no-parking zone
illicit [ɪ'lɪsɪt] 违法的；不正当的   illicit activity
picky about job, be particular about job
 If you say that someone is particular, you mean that they choose things and do things very carefully, and are not easily satisfied. 挑剔的
e.g,: Ted was very particular about the colours he used. 
 Opium is a powerful drug made from the seeds of a type of poppy. Opium is used in medicines that relieve pain or help someone sleep. 鸦片
 Narcotics [nɑr'kɑtɪk]are drugs such as opium['əʊpɪəm]  or heroin ['hɛroɪn]which make you sleepy and stop you from feeling pain. You can also use narcotics to mean any kind of illegal drugs. 麻醉剂; 毒品
 have a narcotic(*麻醉的) effect on the immune system.
disrupt  dɪsˈrʌpt  and dismantle  [dɪs'mænt(ə)l] drug trafficking organization
legislative ['ledʒɪslətɪv] 立法机构: Legislative means involving or relating to the process of making and passing laws. 立法的
The judiciary/dʒuːˈdɪʃɪərɪ/ is the branch of authority in a country that is concerned with law and the legal system. 司法部
legal dispute:法律纠纷
the Judiciary, which interprets the law at every level and settles legal disputes regarding the meaning and the application of the law.
ensure that no one branch of the government is able to gain a disproportionate amount of power over the other two.
proportionate[prə'pɔrʃənɪt]  成比例的；相称的；适当的
 Nonetheless \nʌnðə'les\  means the same as . 然而
Something that impinges [ɪm'pɪndʒ] on you affects you to some extent. 对...有重大影响; 冲击;侵犯
impinge on your life
Each branch has separate and unique powers the others cannot impinge upon, but which are nonetheless subject to acceptance or rejection by the other two branches
in check受控制的；受抑制的 this is how the balance of power is kept in check
enact [ɪ'nækt]:使(法案等)成为法律；通过(法案、议案等)，制定(法律等)
declare war:宣战
Nigeria [nai'dʒiəriə]:尼日利亚
humanitarian /hjuːˌmænɪˈtɛərɪən/
life-sustaining services
If you say that something is not rocket science, you mean that you do not have to be intelligent in order to do it. 高深的事; 难做的事
mind-boggling=> unbelievable
erratic
 If someone shakes up something such as an organization, an institution, or a profession, they make  major changes to it. 整顿
has the power to shake things up:有能力让一切重新洗牌
receive exemptions from the limit:能够免受限制
go over:除了检查，还有超过的意思：go over the 66,000-visa limit
petition:请愿书, v:申请(be able to petition for additional visas)
state department,the State Council:（美国）国务院 congress:国会
secretary general：秘书长
buy for:以…价格买下：He bought it for ten dollars.
If the government gives a tax break to a particular group of people or type of organization, it reduces the amount of tax they have to pay or changes the tax system in a way that benefits them. 减税
charitable giving:慈善捐助 慈善捐赠
charitable:慈善事业的；慷慨的，仁慈的；宽恕的  =>charitable work,charitable donation慈善捐款
compound:n. [化学] 化合物；混合物；复合词adj. 复合的；混合的v. 合成；混合；恶化，加重；和解，妥协
Compound interest is interest that is calculated both on an original sum of money and on interest which has previously been added to the sum. Compare . 复利
sanitation worker, sanitary inspection卫生检查；卫生检验 sanitary condition卫生条件；卫生状况  it's sanitized
 Someone or something that is the subject of criticism, study, or an investigation is being criticized, studied, or investigated. (批评、研究或调查的) 对象
The subjects were asked about how and when they offer tips
republican party, democratic party
impractical
billing statement:账单;明细表
division:有部门的意思： billions in losses in their credit card divisions. 
venture capital:风险资本，风险投资
entrepreneur: [ˌɑntrəprəˈnɝ​]  企业家
灌输(思想等)：to infuse someone with the new idea of democracy=>when i was young, no one infused me with the idea of being an artist
A venture capitalist is someone who makes money by investing in high risk projects. 风险投资者
donor(cet 4)=donator(非cet4):捐赠者
 A charity is an organization which raises money in order to help people who are ill, disabled, or very poor. 慈善机构(charitable org)
 A turnpike is a road, especially an expressway, which people have to pay to drive on. 收费公路(尤指收费高速公路)
A stewardess is a woman who works on a ship, plane, or train, taking care of passengers and serving meals to them. 女乘务员
 A steward is a man who works on a ship, plane, or train, taking care of passengers and serving meals to them. 男乘务员
If someone plunders a place or plunders things from a place, they steal things from it. 掠夺,(n. 抢夺；掠夺品)
He says the price of some IPO stocks are too high and fall not long after(不久后) they first go on sale.
in a class by oneself: 独一无二  facebook is in a class by itself
commission:除了佣金，委托，还有委员会的意思   
Securities and Exchange Commission:（美）证券交易委员会  The government has set up a commission to look into(调查) those crimes. 
pay off a credit card:还信用卡
have to tell how long and how much it would take to pay off a card if the holder makes only the lowest monthly 
new words:
extension:n. 延长；延期；扩大；伸展；电话分机
An extension(法案 is estimated to cost the government six billion dollars
differ on:对...有分歧
solar water heating system:太阳能热水系统
clean the freshly caught fish. Cut off the scales and cut open the stomach. Remove everything inside.
2 ways to keep fish for futrue use are canning(罐头) and freezing
It(gold) makes a good material for money, political power :这成为金钱和政治权力的良好材
zero-sum game:零和游戏(一方得利/赢，另一方输/损失)
imagine cup final:创新杯决赛   final有决赛的意思
These locks raise a ship to the level of Gatun Lake at the canal entrance on the Atlantic side. They lower the ship back to sea 
level on the Pacific side.
anemia: [ə'nimɪə]n. 贫血；贫血症, forgetful:健忘的  amnesia:失忆症   insomnia[ɪn'sɑmnɪə]:失眠
hype:[haɪp]n,v. 大肆宣传,炒作
be taken in:受骗，上当；被接纳
If you are taken in by someone or something, you are deceived by them, so that you get a false impression of them. 欺骗
Many IPO's come out being very, very overvalued because they get so hyped up and investors are so taken in by the story 
 credit rating:信用等级
 budget-cutting measures
 When a judge or a court of law hears a case, or evidence in a case, they listen to it officially in order to make a decision 
about it. 听审
  speak for sb to sb:speak for the Republican Party to the American people.
count the cost (做事前)权衡利害得失；估计不利条件  
caregiver: women are the main caregivers of children     
But there are still many nations where less than one in four women can read and write   
literacy class/program:扫盲班/计划      
self-abasement:自卑 self-abased:自卑的
record:有‘破记录的’意思; near record highs：接近(历史)最高点
in a nutshell:in short
ultimately:最后you can get to all the ajax functions and then ultimately get to the global ajax function
so on and so forth=etc. 等等
grapevine:还有小道消息的意思: hear the grapevine we should use tripple equal
screen:(为确保没有携带武器等而) 检查 (人、行李) by screening all passengers at walking speed.
To screen people or luggage means to check them using special equipment to make sure they are not carrying a weapon or a bomb.
sniff:(n,v)嗅；嗤之以鼻;闻
explosive:n. 炸药；爆炸物 adj. 爆炸的；爆炸性的；爆发性的
a line of :一系列
handheld [hændhɛld]掌上型；手持型Companies launched more than eighty handheld computers similar to the popular Apple iPad.
Broadband is a high data rate connection to the Internet=> high data rate:高数据速率
(*******)provocative: [prə'vɑkətɪv]someone says provocative words to them
more than twice the number from cancer
carbon dioxide: 二氧化碳
bed nets:蚊帐（bed net的复数）
Women and children are most at risk:妇女和儿童是风险最高的群体
Dung [dʌŋ] is faeces from animals, especially from large animals such as cattle and horses. (大型动物如牛、马的) 粪
top student
sodas, carbonated beverage:碳酸饮料  Cola is a sweet, brown, nonalcoholic carbonated drink. 可乐
multifaceted /ˌmʌltɪˈfæsɪtɪd/ Multifaceted means having a variety of different and important features or elements. 
(非常好的句子,注意这里part的使用,part有:等份中的一份)You should use one part salt to three parts fish. For example, if you have three kilograms 
of fish, you should use one kilogram of salt.
dry salting:干腌法  dry-salt :v:干腌
After cleaning the fish, put a few of them on the bottom of the box or basket. Cover them with salt, then put more fish on top. Cover them also 
with salt. Continue putting fish and salt in the container until it is full.
militant:You use militant to describe people who believe in something very strongly and are active in trying to bring about political or social 
change, often in extreme ways that other people find unacceptable. 激进的, 激进分子
earn(有获得的意思,不仅是挣钱) Master's degrees
Greece:希腊  greek:希腊人；希腊的
competitive edge,占优势:get/have the edge , have the upper hand
terminology:术语  jargon(TEM 8),lingo(not tem 8):行话
self-rule = self-government:  Self-government is government of a country or region by its own people rather than by others. 自治
lethal: ['liθl] adj. 致命的，致死的(更常用 的是fatal)
lethality  [lɪ'θæləti] n. 杀伤力；致命性；毁坏性
a lethal dose of sleeping pills(安眠药).   /  lethal weapons 
be slated to:
hold offenders accountable:违者必究

midday:正午
房产经济人:real estate agent/broker,  realtor
房产公司:real estate agency
refugee camp:难民营；难民收容所
highly nutritious:极富营养
affordable:  the food is affordable
enjoyable: it makes the fool all that more enjoyable
Something that is enjoyable gives you pleasure. 令人愉快的
automaker:n. 汽车制造商
it is less of a surprise :不足为奇
take the lead：为首;带头
hands-off:不干涉的；不插手的;
the state's traditional hands-off attitude toward big business.
hands-off management 疏松管理 ; 放任自流的管理模式
get on one's feet ：病后身体复原;振作起来
In short, our goal is to get G.M. back on its feet
General Motors went to bankruptcy court:破产法院
trade partner:[贸易] 贸易伙伴
beacon  ['bikən]: A beacon is a light or a fire, usually on a hill or tower, that acts as a signal or a warning. 烽火; 信号灯

red packet:红包(不是red pocket)
hold back:阻止;隐瞒;
ups and downs:alternating periods of good and bad fortune, high and low spirits, etc 起伏; 兴衰
good/bad fortune:顺/逆境   high/low spirits:斗志昂扬/无精打采
An economic boom(繁荣(期)) followed, especially in housing and construction. 
 接着是一个经济的繁荣，尤其在住房和建筑方面。
sense of group honor
in preparation for: so in preparation for that, I will...
execute them one at a time:一次执行一个
here's the query that sql profiler tells us was run for the customer query.(注意句型)
lieu: [lu], in lieu of:代替,that's what lets ef use your classes in lieu of visual model
buy for:除了为...购买，还有以...价格购买的意思
unicorn:独角兽
But if you use variables to supply those values then Entity Framework will create a parameterized SQL query.(parameterized [pə'ræmitəraizd])
I feel reassured, I am relieved
in the works:正在准备阶段；在进行中或准备中(不是on/under the works)
let me give you some pointers about moving from ef4 to ef5.(pointer除了指示器外，还有建议的意思)
department store:百货商店
(connect,command)none of the low level abstractions you might have programmed with in the past with .NET.
thorny issue:棘手的问题
chances are(有可能):Chances are, your boss will have some questions and objections.你的老板很有可能提出问题或反对意见
feel at home:在家中般轻松自在；感觉自在
diagnostics:n. 诊断学
Diagnostic ˌdaɪəɡˈnɒstɪk equipment, methods, or systems are used for discovering what is wrong with people who are ill or with things that do not work properly. 诊断的
It's simply a design pattern for building a user interface and nothing more.(注意nothing more的使用)
focused:（注意用法)adj. 聚焦的；专心的because the code(mvc) inside of each of these pieces is very focused and easier to understand.
independent of:不依赖…的；不受…支配的independent of what the main controller is doing 
distant relative:远亲
If one number is a multiple of a smaller number, it can be exactly divided by that smaller number. 倍数
There are many other HTML helpers that are available than(和other一起，有除了的意思) what you see here
with...in place
rewind: [,ri'waɪnd] 倒回；重绕  fast-forward:快进
help desk:求助台，帮助台；咨询台； 技术支持;技术热线
up to no good:不怀好意   someone who is up to no good
yellow/blue screen of death:
affectionately:亲切的 what we'll see is affectionately known as the asp dot net yellow screen of death
in effect:生效;实际上 A global filter like handle error attribute will be in effect for every single request
可扩展性:scalability
throw up one's hands:绝望；认输
meeting recap:会议概要
溜进，混入：slip in the theatre， sneak into
let me just point out that actions are nothing more than(**) public methods inside of a controller class.
as yet:至今仍, we also don't have a view as yet
When the routing engine picks apart( take apart) a URL into these pieces it builds up a data structure that it passes along to the mvc framework
for the most part:很大程度上
edge case:极端例子
fluid(除了液体，还有流畅的意思) movement ,  crystal clear:完全透明的；极其明白，十分清楚
wonder:还有奇迹,惊奇的意思 a lecture on the wonders of space and space exploration  [,ɛksplə'reʃən]:太空奇迹和太空探险
telemedicine:（通过遥测、电视、电话等方式求诊的）远距离医学:the treatment of disease or injury by consultation with a specialist in a distant place, esp by means of a computer or satellite link
telepresence:['teli,prezns]:远端临场；远程呈现(想想视频会议）
So even if they had connectivity and they had a mobile phone, or something they could get to the Web(注意get to web的使用)             
Something that impoverishes  [ɪm'pɑvərɪʃ] a person or a country makes them poor. 使贫困
impoverished:adj. 穷困的；用尽了的，无创造性的
show it in close to real time(注意这里的close to ，当作副词)
holographic [,hɑlə'ɡræfɪk] of, relating to, or produced using holograms; three-dimensional 全息图的; 三维的
agitate [ˈædʒɪˌteɪt]:vt. 摇动；骚动；使…激动  agitated:激动的；焦虑的；表现不安的
A sale is an occasion when a shop sells things at less than their normal price. 减价出售
Though it was a full house with over 100 people. full house:满座
finish ... off:结束，完成；毁灭；吃完



d
d