Eng 6
A setback is an event that delays your progress or reverses some of the progress that you have made. 挫折; 倒退
(Richel pursade jill to live off the mone he earn, when Jill go shopping)one little set back is ok.
live off(以…为食料；靠…生活；) with the money that you earn
on the house:(由店家或团体组织等)免费招待；免费赠送
If something is bought, sold, or done for a particular amount of money, that amount of money is its price. 以 (某数量的钱)
sold their house for about 1.4 million dollars.
Customers can subscribe to the service for a monthly fee of US$ 10 per user and month (注意for)
with our chequing account, you can have unlimited daily transactions for a small monthly fee:(注意的用法)
empty promise:假意的允诺，无诚意的许诺
I am gonna get some groceries in the grocery store/grocer's .
vacuum the house/floor,  vacuum cleaner
we penalize him with a （big)demerit record:记(大)过 
in orbit在轨道上；在轨道上运行；[俚语]飘飘然
earth orbit地球轨道
Bedding is sheets, blankets, and covers that are used on beds. 床上用品 bedding bag:被套
commend/kəˈmɛnd/(表扬):I commended her for that action.
commendable [kə'mɛndəbl]:值得表扬的
The other banks are going to be very eager to help, provided that they see that he has a specific plan.
如果他有一个具体的计划，其他的银行才会非常渴望提供资助 
provided:. 假如；倘若       
Poland  ['pəulənd] 波兰   Polish:'pəʊlɪʃ 波兰的；波兰人的；波兰语的
He tried to play down(贬低) my part in the work and play up(突出；强调) his own.
and the second notation, string2, encloses the string in apostrophes (**[ə'pɑstrəfi].
If you enclose(**还有包装的意思 ) something with a letter, you put it in the same envelope as the letter. (随信) 附上
I have enclosed a cheque for £100. 
you can see in the first example because the string is enclosed in quotation marks I'm able to include an apostrophe in the string without escaping,
and in the second example the string includes quotation marks, and I don't have to escape them because the string is delimited by apostrophes. 
Escape sequences(**) are used to represent certain special characters within string literals and character literals.
JavaScript string escape sequences begin with the backslash character
Unicode characters can be included by using \u and then the code representing the character
search term(**): Computers. a word or other term used to electronically retrieve data, Web pages, or other information from files, databases, etc.: 
When you search the shopping website, ads relating to your search terms will appear along with your search results.
The first parameter to the slice method is the index of the first character you want to take,
and the second parameter to the slice method is one greater than the index of the last character that you want to take.
小数： decimal， or decimal fraction
A decimal is a fraction that is written in the form of a dot followed by one or more numbers which represent tenths, hundredths, and so on: for example, .5, .51, .517. 小数
tenth, hundredth: 小数点后第一, 二位  
multiplication,division, and modulus(取模),    22 %(读mod)  3   
The other alternative to avoid this problem of inexact decimal fractions is to work with whole numbers. This is commonly used when working with money. 
Instead of working with parts of dollars, instead we convert everything into cents.
When you write a regular expression, most characters match themselves(***). There's also a thing called character classes(**character class), which is where a special character or
set of characters is used to match certain groups such as backslash lowercase W will match any word character,
Square brackets is used to denote a set of characters.(like [a-z])
The dot character matches any character, and curly braces are quantifiers.  quantifier:语法学】数量词(如 eight, ten, much, many, few)
The backslash character escapes special characters,
So, you can see it's come out(**come out) bold because of the strong tags. 
we see the text highlighted. It's leaving off(**refer to You dao) the strong tags.
 we can use this square bracket notation to access array elements by their position in the array beginning at 0 for the first element
 the array literal syntax is the square brackets with items in between(*****).
 There's a global function called eval that interprets strings of JavaScript code.








