friends season 6

6-1 begin
they are not as much dating as they are 2 xx(ghosts/gods) walking in human body
what else would we be here?
let's leave it up fate
annul a marriage/annul a contract
you have 10 questions , use them wisely.
you promised me a fun road trip(自驾游).
I thought I have to talk you into this more.
I was under the impression that the 2 boxes are far away from each other 
(the drifer got phebe's phone and address, but give no information about himself to phebe), phebe said:'the ball is in your court':决定权在你那
the bottom line(结果；概要;最重要) is that we can't keep married
The bottom line in a decision or situation is the most important factor that you have to consider. 最重要的因素
The bottom line in a business deal is the least a person is willing to accept. 底线
She says $95,000 is her bottom line.
(ross doesn't agree to divorce):this is difference of/in opinion:意见分歧
I can't take this any more.(我再也受不了这样了)
let me make it up for you :让我补偿你
go back and forth;to and fro:来回地
b-1 end

6-2
I dont think 6 years counts as(视为；算是；看成) an era.
my sister and best friend shack up. e.g., I shacked up with my gf several years ago.
I am at the bottom of dating barrel.
that's your second marriage in 2 years, 3 overall.
you want a tissue?(纸巾)
you decided to marry at Vangus , but you backed out=>
If you back out, or if you back out of something, you decide not to do something that you previously agreed to do. 退出; 变卦
dishwashing liquid:洗碗精；洗碟剂
Joe cries his eyes out:cry one's eyes out 痛哭
we need witness to testify that you were not of sound mind:  be not of sound mind:  神志不清
this is not someting we impulsively(一时冲动 on impulse) decided to do.
(Phebe said to Ross)I have never been more convinced of your love for her.
be convinced of sth 深信某事
you tombstone is gonna say(注意这里的用法) "good at marriage"
6-2 end

6-3 begin
(with cheat, fighting at first) and it blew up(爆发了) 
I have never seen each of you one millionth as happy as you have been since you got together
I can't just stand by and watch 2 peopel I care about so much be hurt by silliness
stand by:(1)袖手旁观(2):做好随时出动的准备，处于待命状态
a verbal contract is binding in NewYork
I really appriciate your offering me to move in
if you are ok, we could work out(制定出;找到解决方案等) a system:
work out还有:1).锻炼2).算出 It's not easy to work out how much it costs to feed the average family
russ scared me out of living with him.
scare someone off:把...吓跑
what's the rush:急什么?
walking distance:步行距离
Mon said"you can see the tv and still it's walking distance to the kitchen.
e.g: it's half a hour/mile walking distance to the train station
this/here is where your chair would go.(注意这里go的用法,这里是放置的意思)
road sign:路标，比如"stop","减速"
I just don't want you to break up , which(注意这里的使用) you will do if you live together.
(where are others)"tom and jim are occupied":有人占用;没有空;无暇抽身
hold one's breath:Jeo has been holding his breath for 4 minutes.
(Rachel wants to move in with Phebe), Phebe"what do we do about Diness?" 
everybody we know lives about 30 seconds away.
my ad came out (发布；出来) today
it's on the ground floor(一楼)
is that the guy asked you for a naked picture of me?
make room for:让出地方给……，为……腾出空位, we could move some furniture to make room for my chair
6-3 end

6-4 begin
this bottle opener is yours.
be obsessed with 痴迷于……
it all adds up,you are obsessed with her.
why don't you open with (start/begin with) a joke.
she said I would have triplets
I don't remember being in a movie called benifits lapsed.
make sure to look both ways before you cross the street. 
did that not come off:没效吗，没用吗(phebe pretend to die, 装得不像吗)
I was preparing you for my death:让你为我的death 做好准备， 让你做好心理准备
you scared the hell out of me:吓得要命
it doesn't hurt that bad.(注意bad的使用)
why would i have British accent
better her than me.(她死了比我死好)
she must read the cards wrong.
when Jeo says the line"take good care of you mom", that's the cue(暗示，线索) to cry.
at what point do you think this is a successful marrage?
this is very inexcusable 
why don't you put it in the lost and found?
I make 4 bucks a hour
windshield/windscreen:挡风玻璃
I will save your parking spot
6-4 end

6-5 begin
this is not an appropriate toy for 1-year-olds and 30-year-olds:(year-olds)
I wonder what age it is when you stop being able to put both legs over your head.
you are seeding for an annulment on the ground that(基于)
get out of my chamber(会议厅,(作特殊用途的) 房间)
6-5 end

6-7 begin
if you date(v.约会) her, I can't date her
girls don't like me when I talk about science, chandler:"it's not specific to(这里是针对的意思) women"
6-7 end

6-8 begin
should I say "groovy poster"(时髦的海报)
groove: A groove is a deep line cut into a surface. 凹槽
she doesn't believe anybody would be stupid enough to confuse Kenny the coppy guy with Raph
maybe I just turn down the lights a little.
it hurts so bad(bad强调程度)
6-8 end

6-9 begin
hello, I just moved in next door(隔壁)
don't go through(翻找；搜寻；查看：) the girls room, she would get mad.
(extra):The organization hosts an average of 100 activities per day 
what if she is the one?
I really want you to feel at home here.
 A key card is a small plastic card which you can use instead of a key to open a door or barrier, for example in some hotels and parking lots. 门卡
 is you box too small to put anything in?
you can cut the sexual tension with a knife(teacher:you could cut the atmosphere/air/tension with a knife-
used to say that you felt the people in a room were angry with each other)
you just follow the recipe
I was about to , but just out of nowhere , I didn't
because you used to be aloof(冷淡的；远离的；冷漠的)
Someone who is sarcastic says or does the opposite of what they really mean in order to mock or insult someone. 控苦的; 讽刺的
another thanksgiving with nothing to give thanks for
how do you know when the butter is done(（菜）熟了)?it's about 2 minutes before it looks like that.
yes, I have dandruff ['dændrʌf] and there's no need to laugh and point: Dandruff is small white pieces of dead skin in someone's hair, or fallen  from someone's hair. 头皮屑
you should do this for a living.
it makes me look at(有看待，认为的意思) him totally differently.
I felt that how a young man turns out is a reflection on his father.
turn out:成为，变成，变为，成长为：
Nobody thought that he had turned out a great inventor.
don't sneak a taste while I am out.
the pages are stuck together.
she has to start over(重新开始).
summer/spring break
yours is the first name popped into my head.
who should i say tricked me into doing this.
trustworthy  ['trʌstwɝði] A trustworthy person is reliable, responsible, and can be trusted completely. 可信赖的; 可靠的
please don't pick you teeth/nose here.
if I screw it up , every one would be like:remember the thanksgiving when Rechel screw up the trifle?
everybody would make fun of her:嘲笑
down jacket:羽绒服
Down consists of the small, soft feathers on young birds. Down is used to make bed-covers and pillows. 羽绒
(Rachel):you are whipping so slow.
When you whip something liquid such as cream or an egg, you stir it very fast until it is thick or stiff. 搅打 (奶油或鸡蛋等液体使粘稠)
If you stir a liquid or other substance, you move it around or mix it in a container using something such as a spoon. 搅动; 搅拌
I just don't want my tombstone to read:ross geller:three divorces.
not once did we do that.
you've met your match, Rachel!
(the dancer is doing exercise), sorry, there's just more room here.(更宽)
you walked in on me when I was changing
walk in on 撞见/不期而遇/突然进来
the couch is in line with the carpet,(in line:成直线,一致...)
gear lever:汽车的变速杆 lever有控制杆的意思
it's not appropriate for 1-year-olds or 30-year-olds:1岁的婴儿,30岁的人
the old/elder:老年人
that makes up for everything:前嫌尽释
sorry I got us into the whole thing:我给我们惹了这个麻烦
I can't wait to ask her out
Mon is gonna work late, I will make the place spotless
(Rachel , how is the dessert)you have to stop rushing me.

6-9 end

6-10 begin
will you get us better gifts?你能给我们更好的礼物
get sb sth:给某人某物/为某人买某物
6-10 end


6-11
Ross grabs the magazine away(抢过某物) from her.
you remember me telling(*) you the joke, right?
you want to see if the joke stealer let s watch at this place?
she is outdoorsy(爱好野外活动的)
raise your hand/lift your shirt
she knows how to build a fire, that will come in handy(派得上用处,迟早有用)
I cracked up(哈哈大笑/精神崩溃) , but I am not sure I got it.
cut down on:削减，减少
I am not working now, i have to cut down on luxuries such as paying for stuff
I am a regular on soap opera,(like regular staff):常客; 正式队员
Regular events have equal amounts of time between them, so that they happen, for example, at the same time each day or each week. 定期的
Get regular exercise.定期进行锻炼。
flexible (working) hours: we have flexible hours at company(I make the scentence up)
you think I am a pushover?( 易于征服或控制的人；容易打败的对手)
that's the best fake speech I think I have ever heard
I would never snap at you like that.
it's offensive(*) to women.
you shouldn't argue over who gets the credit, you should argue over who gets blamed for inflicting this joke on the world.
the damage being inflicted on industries by the recession.经济衰退给工业造成的损失
 why don’t you tell them what you were telling me earlier about me not being high maintenance?
he(Chandler) came up with that himself.
I am out of words:我没话了,我没台词了
Being with her has been like being on a vacation
If you straighten out a confused situation, you succeed in getting it organized and cleaned up. 理清
(Rachel to Gunther):I am glad we got this straightened out.
Gunther said I had to stay here and be in charge(负责)
I never heard who you guys would pick to be your girlfriend.
if one of you had to pick one of the other two guys to go out with, who would you pick.
6-11 end

6-12 begin
(Pheobe)you can walk over Rachel, (Rachel):you think I am a pushover?
walk over:怠慢；盛气凌人(或轻蔑)地对待：竞赛)轻易取得胜利的
the reason I was leaning a little bit more toward Rachel than you is..
he backed out（收回那话), but obviously, she picked Rachel.
 If you back out, or if you back out of something, you decide not to do something that you previously agreed to do. 退出; 变卦
ok, Wherever[wɛr'ɛvɚ] you want to go is cool.
check it out:来看看；看过来；查出来=>(Ross take the playboy in which there's a joke from himself):"hi, gunther, check this out)
Pheobe, you are flaky:极古怪的，怪异的；异乎寻常的，不同寻常的，与众不同的，(想法)离奇古怪的，不切实际的
snowflake:雪花
the customer is always right, a smile goes a long way:对…大有好处，对…大有帮助(与 to 或 towards 连用)
how about clearing out so I can get some new customers here,it's all about turnover:
turnover: The turnover of people in an organization or place is the rate at which people leave and are replaced. 人员流动率/营业额
Short-term(*) contracts increase staff turnover.短期合同会增加员工的流动率。
...has reported a 10% rise(相反的：decline) in turnover /  is there a big turnover of people in the company?
An apron is a piece of clothing(*) that you put on over the front of your normal clothes and tie around(*) your waist
I am hanging out here any way, I might as well get paid for it
6-12 end

6-13 begin
getting sick is for weaklings.(n. 虚弱的人；懦怯者adj. 虚弱的；懦弱的)
who doesn't need job-hunt?Russ.
job hunt:找工作 job hunter:找工作的人 job hunting stress:就业压力(employment pressure)
(russ and pheobe said they were shopping, while jill is present and she is trying to quit shopping), rachel said"you went shopping, and paraded under jill's nose"
under one's nose:公然；在某人眼皮底下
a little setback( 挫折；退步；逆流) is ok:
(rachel):I'll take them all away, you will learn the/a lesson(受到教训)
"she took all my stuff", "yes, everything but(*) the blue one"
[jill is about to cry], rachel"oh, you think that would work on (影响，对…起作用) me"
[Mon catch a cold], c said"just drink a lot of fluids(teacher ever used this word)
"I got sth to tell you ","better not(*) be about the apartment pants".
"I can't have sex with sick person", "I am with you chanlde,r I can't have ... either"
be with:支持；拥护；赞同：I'm with you on that.
I will have her home by midnight。
I am sure there was a little spark between Ross and Jill.
you such a big faker,what about you never have xx with sick people.
this is where Ross and I are meeting for our date.
he is taking off her clothes:
he got some of the glare(*) of the streetlight out of his apartment, so he closed the drapes there.
I am off to bed.
drumstick：鸡腿
6-13 end

6-14 begin
they shut the drape 2 hours again
so you guys hit it off? 合得来
shut(不是close) the drapes
she was into me:喜欢；对…有兴趣；被迷住
the other dogs pick on(欺负) me
the product is a big seller:畅销产品
there gotta be something that gets you choked up.
make it up( with sb):讲和，修好： let's make it up , I made it up with my friend.
gadget: A gadget is a small machine or device which does something useful. 小玩意；小器具；小配件
it's not about me being jealous of you,it's about you being a brat
I go (in) ahead of(在...前) Phebe
somewhat of:  phebe is somewhat of(****有点:some sort of) question mark, tom is somewhat of mystery
there's no back to the cough.
I hope it would be the other way around.
(what's that on her ankle?), it's hard to tell
whan I have a baby , the doctor hands it to you in the delivery room.
it won't/don't matter to me:对我无所谓， 我不在乎; it matters; it matters to me:对我很重要
(phebe的导演催):we are still rolling. roll:(机器)运转；开机；(电影等)开拍：
(chandler said): roll the camera;   roll it up , roll it out
get back on:报复

6-14 end

6-15,16 begin
sorry, when I heard divorce, I immediately go(*) to Russ.
towards the end(快要结束) of marriage,I did a lot of karate to release tension(*)
she said I have a knack(*see below) for stocks.
A knack(*********) is a particularly clever or skilful way of doing something successfully, especially something which most people find difficult. 诀窍
what if I had the guts(*) to quite my job
isn't it the best?
she is right down the street(他就是大街前面),why don't you stop by(*顺便访问) and said hi
I've been not working for 3 hours, and I am already going crazy.
you can eat things off each other.(xxx)
there's pulp(果肉) in it
let's head back(*) to my place
that's a line from the show((电视或广播) 节目)
A butler is the most important male servant in a wealthy house. 男管家
over the line:太过分了
the ball went out of bound:出界了
you are gonna live a long,healthy,long life.
that's what this ring stands for(代表/象征/支持)
my part seemed to be over(*) very quickly
Mustard['mʌstəd] is a yellow or brown paste usually eaten with meat. It tastes hot and spicy. 芥末(酱)
ketchup ['kɛtʃəp] n. 番茄酱
there was a lot of waiting(等待) around.(*)
 If you wait around, you stay in the same place, usually doing very little, because you cannot act before something happens or before someone arrives. (无所事事地) 等待
do wedding vows mean nothing(squat) to men?
some men would do anying to make their marriage work.

6-15,16 end

