Harry potter

-----------my notes-----------
pinprick,rummage through,bonfire,shooting stars,
he is busy rummaging in his cloak.
until the only lights left on the street were 2 tiny pinprick in the distance
it's not only the cat that have beening acting oddly.
the lamp went out/flicker into darkness
beady-eyed:adj. 目光锐利的；眼睛如珠的 even beady-eyed mrs green, she couldn't see any thing
You use downright to emphasize unpleasant or bad qualities or behaviour. (强调不快或负面事物) 彻头彻尾地强调
people are being downright careless
she threw a sharp,sideways glance at sb
 If you flinch, you make a small sudden movement, especially when something surprises you or hurts you. 畏缩
 I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying sb's name.
 you are the only one that jim is frightened of.
 astound  /əˈstaʊnd/ :If something astounds you, you are very surprised by it. 使震惊
 the result is astounding(令人震惊的；令人惊骇的)
 faltered(['fɔltɚ]支吾；蹒跚地走;结巴地讲出) Mr Green"it's -- it's true?"
you think it wise to trust sb with something as important as this?
rumble vt. 使隆隆响；低沉地说vi. 隆隆作响n. 隆隆声；抱怨声:
A rumbling is a low, continuous noise. 咕噜声
a huge motorcycle fall out of the air(*从天而降)
he is twice as tall as a normal man anf five times as wide
he has hands the size of trash can lid
be nothing to:conj. 不能与…相比；对…无足轻重
if the motocycle is huge, it's nothing to the man sitting astride[ə'straɪd 跨着 adj. 跨着的；两腿分开着的] it.
jet-black:乌黑的
a tuft( 一簇；一丛;一撮) of jet-black hair
get it over with 赶快把事情做妥当 ; 做完 ; 让它过去 ; 把一切都了结了
we 'd better get it over with
turn the envolope over:把信翻过来
the heard the click(滴答声) of the mail slot(信件投递口) and flop(v,n:扑通放下) of letters on the doormat
rip open
When people or animals snort, they breathe air noisily out through their noses. People sometimes snort in order to express disapproval or amusement. 喷鼻息 (有时表示不赞同或可笑)
A whelk is a creature like a snail that is found in the sea near the shore. Whelks have hard shells, and soft bodies that can be eaten. 海螺(sea nail)
on the point of
Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, it was jerked sharply out of his hand by uncle Verson."that's mine", Harry tried to snatch it back.
Vernon hold it high out of his reach.(out of one's reach)
step on it/step on the gas
clear one's throat
yesterday, he'd have given anything to be up here, today, he'd rather be back in his cupboard with that letter than up here without it.
Harry must've had more haircuts than the rest of boys in his class put together
the whole house smells of cabbage.(smell of)
grin v. 露齿而笑，咧着嘴笑n. 露齿笑
he shot harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mother's arms
 Marmalade(美 ['mɑrməled]) is a food made from oranges, lemons, or grapefruit that is similar to jam. It is eaten on bread or toast at breakfast. 橘子酱; 柠檬酱; 柚子酱
letters are still streaming into the room, bouncing off(*) the walls and floor.
A VCR is a machine that can be used to record television programmes or movies onto videotapes, so that people can play them back and watch them later on a television set. VCR is an abbreviation for "video cassette recorder." 卡式录像机
If you shake off someone who is following you, you manage to get away from them, for example, by running faster than them. 甩掉 (跟踪者、跟随者)
Uncle Vernan drive fast to shake them off.
take a sharp turn.
Something that is musty smells old and damp. 有霉味的; 发霉的
lie on your back 仰躺 ; 仰卧
lie flat on his stomach(*) to listen at the crack between door and floor
If you whack someone or something, you hit them hard. 重击
If something dangles from somewhere or if you dangle it somewhere, it hangs or swings loosely. 悬挂; 悬摆
If you shuffle somewhere, you walk there without lifting your feet properly off the ground. 拖着脚走
If you shuffle playing cards, you mix them up before you begin a game. 洗 (牌)
From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother
make up a bed for sb on the moth-eaten( 虫蛀的;破旧的) sofa.
his stomach rumbles with hunger.
creak  [krik] v,n:嘎吱嘎吱声
n minutes to go :n分钟过去了
crunch:发出嘎吱声 crunchy:易碎的；发嘎吱嘎吱声的
was the rock crumbling(*) into the sea?
sit bolt upright 挺直地坐着
The sea glinted(*) in the sun.大海在阳光下波光粼粼。(eyes)glinting like ...
budge 挪动；微微移动;让步  budge up!
crease Creases are lines that are made in cloth or paper when it is crushed or folded. 折痕 /皱纹
his eyes were crinkled(*起皱) in a smile 
like a mouse being trodden['trɑdn] on
squash:压扁，南瓜 he  pulled a slightly squashed box.
it filled the damp hut with flickering(*) light
the warmth wash over((情绪)突然而深刻地袭来) him
the giant sat on the sofa which sagged(*） under his weight.
When something sags, it hangs down loosely or sinks downward in the middle. (中间部分) 下垂; 下陷=>saggy：下垂的
fidget['fɪdʒɪt]:vi. 烦躁；坐立不安； 动来动去
he couldn't take his eyes off(把视线移开) the giant.
take a gulp of tea/water:一大口
they lean out of the window for her to kiss good-bye
he pointed the seat opposite(*) Harry.
the guy sitting opposite me is xxx
Ivy( ['aɪvi]常春藤) is an evergreen plant that grows up walls or along the ground. 常春藤 Boston ivy:爬山虎
 An evergreen is a tree or bush that has green leaves all year long. 常青树; 常绿植物
no more than four to a boat.
it(castle) towers over(高出许多;屹立) them as they sail nearer to the cliff which it stands.
a curtain of ivy that hides a wide opening in the cliff face
a birdcage, which held a parrot before.
If you cower, you bend forward and downward because you are very frightened. 萎缩; 蜷缩
If someone or something squeals, they make a long, high-pitched sound. 发出长而尖的声音
When someone shrieks, they make a short, very loud cry, for example, because they are suddenly surprised, are in pain, or are laughing. 尖叫
the owl taps its claws on the window.(想进来?)
harry counted out(*) 5 bronze coins, and the owl held out(*) his legs so harry could put the money into the pouch( 小袋) tied it
frog spawn:   spawn=>lay eggs.
If you shudder, you shake with fear, horror, or disgust, or because you are cold. (因害怕、恐惧、厌恶或寒冷) 发抖
clench(紧握) your fix.
If you clout someone, you hit them. 打
ticket barrier检票口;验票口 ticket barrier machine:
tinkle vi. 发叮当声 n. 叮当声 tinkling n. 叮叮声
swish:v:(使)嗖地快速移动;n:嗖嗖声
If something is pliable, you can bend it easily without cracking or breaking it. 柔韧的
If you whoop, you shout loudly in a very happy or excited way. 欢呼 n欢呼声
harry pulled back(把…向后拉；撤退) his bangs to show the scar
corn(还有腌的意思) corned beef:咸牛肉
daze:使发呆，使迷乱，使惶惑，使茫然 dazed:茫然的
dumbfounded:目瞪口呆的 ，惊呆的
throng:人群，一大群人; (人群) 涌向
the crowd thronging the corridor
push their way toward the door.   ************ ==== squeeze one's way  
a lamp came bobbing(使来回(或上下) 快速移动(或摆动)) over the heads of the students.
cried blissfully.(adv. 幸福地；充满喜悦地)
form a line
you stumble, you put your foot down awkwardly while you are walking or running and nearly fall over. 踉跄; 绊脚
(sb, nervous)stumble out of the line
on the far left (最左边？？)
Catcalls are loud noises that people make to show that they disapprove of something they are watching or listening to. 不满之声
see them catcalling.
If people hiss([hɪs]) at someone such as a performer or a person making a speech, they express their disapproval or dislike of that person by making long loud "s" sounds.v/n: 发嘘声; 喝倒彩
give him the thumbs up/down.
the yellow burbans uprising.
the third floor is out of bounds() to any one who doesn't want to die a painful(grim/glory) death
stand on tiptoe: 踮脚
zombie:['zɑmbi] 僵尸
Harry think Hagrid didn't quite meet his eyes when he said that
none of lessions he'd had so far had given him as much to think about as tea with Hagrid
Neville was rising straight up like a cork shot out of a bottle.
earshot:听力所及之范围
no sooner were thay out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter.
he was carrying a large crate under his arms.
cyclist weave in and out of (迂回前进，曲折前行) the traffic
Castle feels more like home than his ant's home does
whichever seeker catches the snitch wins his team extra 100 points.
Put the class into pairs(成对)
Harry washed his hands and bolted down(狼吞虎咽) his pitiful supper
If you whisk someone or something somewhere, you take them or move them there quickly. 迅速带走( (常指用搅打器) 快速搅打 (鸡蛋、奶油等))
The moment he had finished, Aunt Petunia whisked away his plate.



 was beating her wings wildly against the bars of her cage.
Hedwig had woken up with a particularly loud screech
adore   [ə'dɔr]  adoration [,ædə'reʃən]
If someone wails, they make long, loud, high-pitched cries which express sorrow or pain. 哀号
Dobby dissolved again into wails of gratitude.                        
Harry Potter is valiant ['væljənt] 英勇的 and bold
Harry Potter must not put himself in peril /ˈpɛrɪl/极大危险
Dumbledore's powers rival(比得上某人) those of voldmart                              
If you say that someone or something has no rivals or is withoutrival, you mean that it is best of its type. 可匹敌者  
If you say that one thing rivals another, you mean that they are both of the same standard or quality. 与…相匹敌                    
with earsplitting yelps((因害怕或痛楚)尖叫; (狗)嚎叫)            
said with gritted teeth(咬紧牙关)
Stepping nimbly(['nɪmbl] 敏捷的；聪明的) out of Harry's reach(**)
Harry could make out(辨认出) Hermione's neat writing, Ron's untidy scrawl  [skrɔl](v/n:潦草地写/字)
n/v:If you scribble something, you write it quickly and roughly. 草草地写
gloss over  v. 掩盖，掩饰；给以光滑的表面
Uncle Vernon would manage to gloss the whole thing over
If you scrub something, you rub it hard in order to clean it, using a stiff brush and water. 用力刷洗
If you scrub dirt or stains off something, you remove them by rubbing hard. (将污渍等从某物上) 用力擦 (除)
抹:smear,rub  lube=lubrication oil, lubricant:润滑油
Decree [dɪ'kri] for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery['sɔrsəri](魔术，巫术)
stand back 
the bars were pulled clean(**) out of the window 
Watch out for the bottom stair - it creaks:嘎吱嘎吱声 creek:小溪
he was right in You- Know-Who's inner circle.核心集团
A faint pinkish glow was visible along the horizon(地平线) to the east
The teapot went berserk [bə'zɜːk] and squirted[skwɝt] boiling tea all over the place
pigpen=pigsty ['pɪɡstaɪ]猪舍；脏乱的地方
A storey of a building is one of its different levels, which is situated above or below other levels. 楼层
stumble vi. 踌躇，蹒跚；失足；犯错 vs  tumble:摔倒；倒塌;暴跌
tumbledown摇摇欲坠的(房子)
When a bird perches(**) on something such as a branch or a wall, it lands on it and stands there. (鸟) 栖息
A lopsided  [,lɑp'saɪdɪd] 不平衡的，倾向一方的 sign stuck in the ground 
you come bounding(有跳跃的意思) downstairs
It was certainly nothing like(一点不像) Santa Claus. It was small and leathery(和looking一起合用) looking
he grasped it around the ankles and turned it upside down
He raised the gnome above his head ("Gerroff me!") and started to swing it in great circles like a lasso
a dingy alleyway that seemed to be made up entirely of shops devoted to the Dark Arts
(in the alleyway with a lot shots) two doors down(**)
(be astonished):　Harry's heart leapt(**)
Hagrid seized Harry by the scruff(*后颈) of the neck and pulled him away 
soot 
Mrs. Weasley now came galloping( ['ɡæləp](马等)飞跑，疾驰：) into view,gasping for breath:上气不接下气
in the packed(very crowded) street.
you don't think I'm a match for Lucius Malfoy?
ten-pound note,a one hundred note(大钞)
When objects strike against each other and make a ringing noise, you can say that they jangle or are jangled. 使发出叮当声; 发出叮当声
The bag of gold, silver, and bronze jangling cheerfull
clamour ['klæmɚ]叫喊；大声地要求  If people are clamouring for something, they are demanding it in a noisy or angry way. 强烈要求
in Harry's pocket was clamoring to be spent
Ron gazed longingly ['lɔŋɪŋ] at 
(sb),  deeply immersed in a small and deeply boring book
 Ron told Harry and Hermione in an undertone(*) as they left Percy  
 He jostled ['dʒɑsl] his way through a crowd.
 They were by no means(决不可能) the only ones making their way to the bookshop
 they saw to their surprise(**) a large crowd jostling outside the doors
a large banner stretched across(*) the upper windows
The crowd seemed to be made up mostly of witches around(*) Mrs. Weasley's age
Harry, Ron, and Hermione squeezed(*) inside
A long line wound(wind,缠绕??) right to the back of the shop
was wearing robes of forget-me-not( 勿忘草) blue that exactly matched(*) his eyes
blinding flash (take photogrash 刺眼的闪光)
(click the camera emitting smoke) wafting([wɑft]飘荡) thick smoke over the Weasleys
 He tried to sidle ['saɪdl](侧身而行) back over to the Weasleys
I will be taking up the post(担任职位) of Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher
who was wearing((面容等)显出，呈现) his usual sneer. 
wear a smile
If someone drawls, they speak slowly and not very clearly, with long vowel sounds. 拉长声调说话
with malice['mælɪs] n. 恶意；怨恨
looking at the clock overhead(*).
they bend low over the handles of their trolleys.
starting the ignition.(汽车里的) 点火开关
buildings on both sides fell away(*).
windshield wiper
punched a large dent(*) into the door
"Run", throwing his full weight against the door.
without a backward look.
least favorite teacher.
shoulder-length hair:齐肩的头发
If you flinch, you make a small sudden movement, especially when something surprises you or hurts you. 畏缩
the moment the headmaster entered, both Harry and Ron flinched(*)(因怕)
Harry nudged Ron in the ribs
Hermione, whos was wearing a scowl [skaʊl](n/v:愁容；怒容)
a hundred times louder than usual
when I was 12 , I was as much of a nobody as you are now.
dragon dung: [dʌŋ]
flailed their fists and gnashed [næʃ] 咬牙切齿 their teeth.
If one thing engulfs another, it completely covers or hides it, often in a sudden and unexpected way. 吞没
engulfed him in thick gray smoke that smelled of rotten eggs.
wring out:拧干 wring: [rɪŋ]n/v:拧；绞；紧握；
His brain felt like a wrung sponge
Everyone fiIed out( 陆续退出) of the classroom
If it is overcast, or if the sky or the day is overcast, the sky is completely covered with cloud and there is not much light. 阴天的
went outside into the overcast courtyard
Harry and Ron stood talking about Quidditch for several minutes before Harry became aware that he was being closely watched
Harry repeated blankly(茫然地；毫无表情地)
hairline 发际线
If you shudder, you shake with fear, horror, or disgust, or because you are cold. (因害怕、恐惧、厌恶或寒冷) 发抖
colin drew（吸一口气) a great shuddering breath of excitement
If you implore(*) someone to do something, you ask them to do it in a forceful, emotional way. 恳求
he looked imploringly at Harry
Crabbe and Goyle were sniggering (['snɪɡɚ]v/n:窃笑) stupidly
menace ['mɛnəs] n/v:威胁
rubbing his knuckles in a menacing way
Harry started to speak but he was cut short 打断；缩减
said Lockhart paternally [pə'tɝnl]  父亲一般地
Deaf to(不理会) Harry's stammers
busy oneself with/in:忙于
The last thing he needed/wanted was for Lockhartto to hear the phrase "Harry Potter fan club.(good)
to check how much you've read and taken in.(吸收)
surpassing itself on Friday morning by 
(ron's wand)shooting out of(*) Ron's hand and hitting tiny old Professor Flitwick squarely(正好) between the eyes
Harry squinted(*) at the window
dont' know how he could have slept through(睡着一直什么也没听见；也没被唤醒或惊醒) the racket the birds were making
The Slytherin team were paralyzed with laughter. Flint was doubled up(弯腰), hanging onto his new broomstick for support. Malfoy was on all fours(四脚着地地), banging the ground with his fist.
Feeling dazed( confused and unable to think clearly), Harry left
dizzy: losing your balance and are about to fall. 眩晕的
A spate of things, especially unpleasant things, is a large number of them that happen or appear within a short period of time. 一连串
the nurse, was kept busy by a sudden spate [spet] of colds among the staff and students. 
Raindrops the size of bullets thundered on the castle windows on end
drenched to the skin and splattered with mud
backing away from(*躲开；（由于恐惧或厌恶等）后退) the accusing stare of Mrs. Norris
Wooden filing cabinets stood around the walls
Filch was looking triumphant
Hagrid's vast pumpkins had been carved into lanterns
The temperature dropped with every step they took
Their breath rose in a mist before them
If you give someone or something a wide berth, you avoid them because you think they are unpleasant or dangerous, or simply because you do not like them. 躲避
was being given a wide berth by the other ghosts
it's awful trying to have a pee with her wailing at you
there's a large puddle of water on the ground.
the cat is hanging by her tail from the torch bracket.(还有支架的意思)
his tearstained face.
he was sure nothing Sape had to say was going to do him any good.
If you describe a story or idea as far-fetched(*), you are criticizing it because you think it is unlikely to be true or practical. 牵强的表不满
it would sound far-fetched(*) if he told them he had been led there by a bodiless voice no one but(*) he could hear
they are a floor up from Snape's office
in no time:立刻，很快
let go of his parchment, which sprang back(回弹；弹性回复) into a roll.
tape messure:卷尺
the ledgend is such a very sensational, even ludicrous(['ludɪkrəs]荒唐的) event
by 4 witches and wizards of the age
purge the school of all who were unworthy to study magic
If you say that one thing had barely happened when something else happened, you mean that the first event was followed immediately by the second. 刚刚
Harry barely closed the door a loud voice made three of them jump.
in the restricted section of the library
(after transfiguration) what if we were stuck looking like them forever?
you need a signed note of permission from a teacher.
if we made it sound as though we were interested in it.
gruesome:可怕的；阴森的
it's too gruesome to even think about it.
running her fingers down the list of ingredients.
he is nervous, mainly at the thought of what wood would say if Gryffindor loses.
usual pre-match pep talk(鼓舞士气的讲话):
make them rue (n/v:后悔；懊悔)the day that they let Malfoy buy his way onto their team
than was necessary.
(fly on a broomstick to avoid xx)he looped and swooped(猛扑), spiraled , zigzagged and rolled.
the bludger tracing a few feet behind him.
pull Harry's limp fingers through the cuff(袖口)
cross-eyed, cross-legged
intake 摄取量, uptake:n. 摄取；领会
Your intake of alcohol should not exceed two units per day.
late uptake, sb is always slow on the uptake
clap a hand to her mouth
conjuring up portalbe , waterproof fires is a speciality of Hermione
he flew backward off the stage,smashed into the wall, and slid down it to sprawl on the floor.
something of what they are saying meets his ears.
they can carry heavy loads.
Harry shot him a warning look
whoever it was was expelled.
the footsteps receded along the corridor and they heard a distant door slam.
there wasn't the faintest trace of writing on it.
wave the diary tauntingly at Harry
one-up on:比…占优势；略胜…一筹
bald except a few wisps of white hair.
There was barely a face to be seen in the school　that didn't look worried and tense, 
standing guard all night
His hair wasn't as sleek as usual; it seemed he had been up most of the night
When the hubbub ['hʌbʌb])(喧哗；骚动 like a excitng news) had subsided( [səb'saɪd]****不是被动)  
You can describe a situation where there is great confusion or excitement(!!!!) as a hubbub.
Turmoil is a state of confusion, disorder, uncertainty, or great anxiety(!!!). 混乱; 骚乱
 A disturbance is an incident in which people behave violently(!!!) in public. 骚乱
They listened. Some distance to their right, the something big was snapping(**many meanings) branches as it carved(*开创) a path through the trees.
their robes snagging(* see below) on low-slung(sling:(松散地) 悬起) branches and brambles.
snag:If you snag part of your clothing on a sharp or rough object or if it snags, it gets caught on the object and tears. 钩破
snag:n:(尖锐的)突出物，尖利物；(树的)断枝 v:)剐破
pitch-dark = pitch black:漆黑
the Minister of Magic wouldn't have taken Hagrid if he hadn't been one hundred percent sure that he was guilty
the first unexpected sound they heard was a loud crunch as Ron stepped on what turned out to be a rat's skull.
so dark that they could only see a little distance ahead.
get to one's feet:站起来
sprinting to her and dropping to his knees(**). "tinny - don't be dead"
Ginny's head lolled  [lɑl](头等)垂下 hopelessly from side to side.
his knees  sagging with Ginny's dead weight
 model student 模范学生
I, in whose veins runs the blood of Slytherin himself
These days they lived in terror of(*) anyone finding out that Harry had spent most of the last two years at Hogwarts
his vision went foggy( 有雾的；模糊的，朦胧的)
Fawkes took flight again in a whirl of gold and scarlet.
drip of ink still oozing from the diary.
he was lying on his stomach in bed.
bridge of his nose.
pausing every now and then to listen.
had rebounded upon(（常指坏行为）返回到动作者本身) its originator
If something rebounds from a solid surface, it bounces or springs back from it. 弹回
bounce off
untrustworthy(reliable,trustworthy), smug:自鸣得意的；自以为是的；
Harry got down on his hands and knees and reached toward it
law-abiding (守法的) people
you're going to have to clear off ( 走开)for a week
The cab pulled up(*) and the driver jumped out.
there was a crunch of gravel outside as Uncle Vernon's car pulled back into the driveway,
Hagrid didn't have a normal person's view of what was dangerous     
Aunt Marge and Aunt Petunia kissed, or rather(**), Aunt Marge bumped her large jaw against Aunt Petunia's bony cheekbone.
freckle,fleck(v/n:斑点(比如水果上的)；微粒),speck:污点；小颗粒, a speck of:一点点
(**************)Harry saw Aunt Petunia wince(*) slightly as specks of tea and drool flecked her clean floor.
If you wince, the muscles of your face tighten suddenly because you have felt a pain or because you have just seen, heard, or remembered something unpleasant. (由于疼痛或看见、听到或记起某些不愉快的事而) 龇牙咧嘴
It's damn good of Vernon and Petunia to keep you .Wouldn't have done it myself. You'd have gone straight to an orphanage if you'd been dumped on my doorstep.
Where is it that you send him, again, Vernon
Make it clear that you approve the use of extreme force in this boy's case
circular(圆形的) tables were crammed(*) inside it
If you cram things or people into a container or place, you put them into it, although there is hardly enough room for them. 把…塞进
drink until only the dregs(渣滓；少量；沉淀物) remain.
then turn the cup upside down on its saucer['sɔsɚ](茶托，浅碟)
and they both had to stifle their laughs as Professor Trelawney gazed in their direction.
rotate it counterclockwise.
animated  ['ænə'metɪd]  adj. 活生生的；活泼的；愉快的
paddock  [ˈpædək]  围场；小牧场
they found themselves outside a kind of paddock
binder clip(装订夹)
Trotting [trɑt] 小跑 toward them were a dozen of the most bizarre creatures Harry had ever seen
off-putting, 令人不愉快的  one-off: one-off script
The wardrobe wobbled (摇晃 small movements from side to side,) more violently
moth-eaten 虫蛀的
You are an insolent(粗鲁的; 无礼的), ungrateful little
 leading Harry into the back of the shop, where there was a corner devoted to fortune-telling
A loud ripping noise rent ？？ the air(响彻云霄)                        
his school robes were now several inches too short in the arm and leg
a square-jawed wizard
Ern stamped on the brake and the beds slid a foot or so toward the front of the bus
lines of lampposts(lamppost)(telegraph pole:电线杆), mailboxes, and trash cans jumped out of its way as it approached and back into position once it had passed.
he tripped. His wand flew out of his hand as he flung out(**) an arm to break his fall,
张开双臂：He flung out(**) his arms to welcome her.
If you fling(还有猛投的意思) a part of your body in a particular direction, especially your arms or head, you move it there suddenly. 猛然移动 (臂、头等身体部位)
She flung her arms around my neck and kissed me. 
but the street appeared to be deserted(荒废的，空无一人的)
He and Hermione had finally forgotten their squabble (['skwɑbl] spat,quarrel ) about
reminding Ron what Dumbledore had told them about the dementors being able to see through them                        
they seated themselves on either side of Harry and didn't talk to each other for the whole class.
Then, without warning, he pounced(* see below).
If someone pounces on you, they come up toward you suddenly and take hold of you. (向某人) 猛扑                          
Harry threw himself into a chair beside Ron, his high spirits ebbing away                    
Golden Snitch, a tiny, winged, walnut-sized ball                                  
three Chasers, whose job was to score goals by putting the Quaffle (a red, soccer-sized ball) through one of the fifty-foot-high hoops                              
shredded碎的 lettuce(['lɛtɪs], 生菜)
crack!- became a rattlesnake, which slithered ['slɪðɚ]and writhed( [raɪð] (因痛苦或不适) 扭动身体)
If an animal such as a snake slithers, it moves along in a curving way. (蛇等) 蜿蜒地滑行        
It can take the shape of(以…形式出现) whatever it thinks will frighten us most.                    
it was bad enough that he bullied Neville in his own classes, let alone(更不必说) doing it in front of other teachers.                
I would advise you not to entrust him with anything difficult. Not unless Miss Granger is hissing instructions in his ear.
Didn't I state plainly that a dash of leech juice would suffice(*)
Stuck his head in the water barrel
said Harry, who had far worse injuries mended magically by the nurse.
But it'll be fascinating to study them from the wizarding point of view 
hard-wearing:耐磨的
He's been through the mill([口语] 经受磨炼；饱尝辛酸；通过严格的训练)
if you Don't want a replacement(*)
tonic is a medicine that makes you feel stronger, healthier, and less tired. 补药
Why shouldn't he be happy?(*)   
Fudge had been lenient(['linɪənt] 宽大的；仁慈的) with him because he was so relieved to find him alive
congratulate Ron on infuriating ( /ɪnˈfjʊərɪˌeɪt/Percy again. 
They leaned out of the window and waved at Mr. and Mrs. Weasley until the train turned a corner and blocked them from view.   
All along the carriage,车厢 heads were sticking curiously out of their compartments.隔间
Professor Lupin crumpled up the empty chocolate wrapper and put it in his pocket.
A wave of cold sickness threatened to engulf him again
Each one is unique to the wizard who conjures it
feeling cold sweat trickling(*) down behind his glasses
take Harry and go! It's him! Go! Run! I'll hold him off(拖延;抵挡)
If you do something up, you fasten it. 扣; 系
pretending to do up his shoelace, 
A pang is a sudden strong feeling or emotion, for example, of sadness or pain. 突然的痛
arry felt a nasty pang of guilt. He had completely forgotten 
dogged: are determined to continue with something even if it becomes difficult or dangerous.  顽强的
"I'm not blamin' yeh!" said Hagrid, waving Harry's apology aside(置之不理). 
Harry managed to shake Neville off at the Fat Lady
If you shake off someone who is following you, you manage to get away from them, for example, by running faster than them. 甩掉 (跟踪者、跟随者)
A roller coaster is a small railway at an amusement park that goes up and down steep slopes fast that people ride on for pleasure or excitement. 过山车
Harry had to exercise great care not to tread on anyone and cause a panic.
A small amount of talent on the Quidditch field made him think he was a cut above (**)the rest of us
The resemblance between you(Harry and his dad) is uncanny
If you describe something as uncanny, you mean that it is strange and difficult to explain. 出奇的
your saintly father and his friends played a highly amusing joke on me that would have resulted in my death if your father hadn't got cold feet at the last moment
as June approached, the days became cloudless and sultry ['sʌltri] 闷热潮湿的
running at a crouch
If you bare something, you uncover it and show it. 使露出(*)
His yellow teeth were bared (*)in a grin
 Now was the moment to avenge his mother and father. 
What's my rat got to do with anything?
Lupin was struggling against his bonds. Black bent down quickly and untied him
And why did he fake his death
It was like watching a speeded-up film of a growing tree.
If you are lying prone, you are lying on your front. 面朝下的 ;俯卧
lie on one's back. 仰卧
Harry and Hermione brought up the rear. 走在后头；殿后
A group of people who are walking or standing in single file or single file are in a line, one behind the other. 成单行
edging awkwardly along the tunnel in single file
accidentally cracking his head on a bit of rock protruding  [prə'truːd](使)突出 from the ceiling
 If someone looks gaunt, they look very thin, usually because they have been very ill or worried. 憔悴的
 Black's gaunt face broke into the first true smile Harry had seen upon it
What would happen when he told the Dursleys he was going to live with the convict [kən'vɪkt] they'd seen on television
 As the werewolf wrenched itself free of the manacle binding it,
He had a moment's indecision 优柔寡断；犹豫不决
Fog was clouding  蒙蔽 his eyes 
The blinding light(*) was illuminating the grass around him.... The screaming had stopped, the cold was ebbing(*) [ɛb] away... 
With every ounce(一点点) of strength he could muster(召集；聚集)
Snape turned on his heel(转身) and marched through the door Fudge was still holding.
gilded once more with gold
skirt around/steer clear of:绕开
skirting around the Whomping Willow
giving Ron a reproving look because he looked as though he was close to laughing. 
He carried on(*继续) emptying his drawers
there is no need to see me to the gates
The story and had been embroidered[ɪm'brɔɪdɚ] 绣/渲染 in so many places
draw back:拉开(窗帘、幕布等)
Harry kneaded([nid] massage,揉) his forehead with his knuckles. 
the murders for which he had been convicted had been committed by Wormtail,
 Sirius had offered him a home once his name had been cleared.(clear one's name)
on the run, at large:逍遥法外的/大体上;随便地,任意地
take a stab at   试图做某事
taking another brave stab at making conversation.
Harry was quite sure that Mr. Weasley thought Dudley was quite as mad as the Dursleys thought he was,
my made-up: I am sure that you think them are as mad as thay think you are.
Charlie was built like the twins, shorter and stockier(矮壮的) than Percy and Ron, who were both long and lanky
He was tall, with long hair that he had tied back in a ponytail.马尾辫
Bill's clothes would not have looked out of place(不合适的；不在适当的位置) at a rock concert,
Harry recognized his boots to be made, not of leather, but of dragon 
She was a short, plump 丰满的 woman 
she had been very taken with Harry ever since his first visit 
be taken with:被…迷住；对…很喜爱
Ron rolled his eyes (翻白眼)
semifinal   半决赛
his legs were starting to seize up( (人体某部位) 发僵/(机器) 失灵)
a list tacked(图钉/以大头针钉住) to the door
lax(松懈的; 不严格的) about security. 
Mr. Weasley was more of a hindrance than a help
All of them stood back to admire their handiwork(手工作品)
Someone who is wide awake is fully awake and unable to sleep. 毫无睡意的(*I used to use sober[not drunk])
all clamoring['klæmɚ]大声地要求 to get away from the campsite as quickly as possible
Whether this statement will be enough to quash(*[kwɑʃ]) 撤销/澄清 (谣言)  the rumors
said Mr. Weasley in exasperation [ɪg,zæspə'reʃ(ə)n]恼怒
Ron simply looked dumbstruck 吓得发懵的；被吓得目瞪口呆的
Harry himself was far more interested in hearing about the tournament than in worrying about deaths that had happened hundreds of years ago.
until, that is, the death toll(死亡人数) mounted(攀升) so high that the tournament was discontinued.
He stretched out a hand that was as badly scarred as his face
is out-of-bounds to students
outsider 外人
Hermione got up, tiptoed to the compartment door, and slid it shut, blocking out Malfoy's voice.
with his robes on back-to-front
mind you pack them properly so they don't crease
shrivel  ['ʃrɪvl]  When something shrivels or when something shrivels it, it becomes dryer and smaller, often with lines in its surface, as a result of losing the water it contains. 使皱缩; 使枯萎; 
shriveled ？？？cauliflower
You've been caught red-handed, elf
So that's clause three of the Code of Wand Use broken
puppeteer
as they all made their way slowly down the purple-carpeted (*)stairs.
And as the Irish team performs a lap of honor, flanked(*) by their mascots
Ron, who was running his finger down the Monday column of his schedule
being so tiny, his head hardly rose above anyone else's
I don't think anyone under seventeen will stand a chance," said Hermione, "we just haven't learned enough
to see what was causing the holdup(交通堵塞)
In track and field, the shot put(*) is a competition in which people throw a heavy metal ball as far as possible. 掷铅球比赛
shot-putter
Fred and George set off for(*) the hospital wing
flying horses were now grazing in a makeshift(n/adj:权宜之计的) paddock(小牧场) alongside it. 
 Something that is checked has a pattern of small squares, usually of two colours. 有格子图案的
 my checked shirt
axis 轴, axle 车轴
looked as tense and expectant as anyone
champions are exempt(ed)(*) from end-of-year tests
the candles had burned low(*), giving the jagged(*锯齿状的) smiles of the pumpkins an eerie, flickering quality.
fantasize, fantasy:v:幻想  illusion:n:幻觉，幻想
If you say that someone is smug, you are criticizing the fact they seem very pleased with how good, clever, or lucky they are. 自鸣得意的表不满
sitting smugly beside 
You told me to keep you posted 
If you say that someone is temperamental, you are criticizing them for not being calm or quiet by nature, but having moods that change often and suddenly. 喜怒无常的表不满
haughty  ['hɔti] 傲慢的；自大的
If you are dismissive of someone or something, you say or show that you think they are not important or have no value. 不屑一顾的
she said dismissively.(*)
said Hermione, fanning(*) herself with her hand
 If you pluck something from somewhere, you take it between your fingers and pull it sharply from where it is. 拔; 扯, n:勇气
 plucking at the pillowcase
but he hadn't been able to pluck up(鼓起勇气) the courage
on first-name terms 亲密关系的/ on good/close terms
in an oddly husky(沙哑的; 深沉的) voice
these surprises had become fewer with each successive year. 
neither of them having any inclination ['ɪnklə'neʃən] 倾向，爱好 to dance
a forbidden potion that had turned him and Ron into living replicas  ['rɛplɪkə] 复制品
his long white fingers caressed(*) his own chest, his arms, his face
Your forefinger is the finger that is next to your thumb. 食指
 Karkaroff fears the Dark Lord's vengeance ['vɛndʒəns] 报复；报仇
 He will need to be discreet  [dɪ'skrit] 谨慎的；小心的
 Sirius and Snape were eyeing each other with the utmost loathing(*厌恶，憎恶，憎恨)
 stand united:团结一致
irresistible  [,ɪrɪ'zɪstəbl] 不可抵抗的；
 Lie low at Lupin's for a while; I will contact you there. 躲藏;潜伏；等待时机(来临)
 the dog is wagging his tail madly
 weary  ['wɪri]  疲倦的；厌烦的  wary['wɛri] 谨慎的
we are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided
 spent the next few minutes craning his neck over the crowd to try and see what Krum and Hermione might be up to.
 unless you counted his fears that Sirius had been caught
 There was no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley
 Harry has been through a terrible ordeal  [ɔr'dil] tonight.
He is indisposed
suggested that they come down to his hut on alternate evenings
The champions are not permitted to ask for or accept help of any kind from their teachers to complete the tasks in the tournament. 
A tournament is a sports competition in which players who win a match continue to play further matches in the competition until just one person or team is left. 锦标赛
but he seemed strangely wary of displaying overt明显的 animosity['ænə'mɑsəti]强烈敌意 to Mad-Eye Moody