 六月24日决定一个新任务： 接下来的一周养成一个新的习惯： 每时每刻，充分利用第一分钟，每一个学习的机会， 认真学习， 习惯很重要， 不要懒惰（这是我30年来的一个缺点)
 不要玩游戏了，它只能伤身，伤神，影响健康，工作，学习，多想想如果成为技术牛人的成就感。


it's time to strive!!!!  read this at each morning and evening.

defects of playing pc games too much.
1.have less time in studying Eng and Tech
2.Have less time to spend with family
3.Have less time to do excercise, do harm to my health.
4.make me less spiritual in my work and life, since pc games always make me stay up late.

give up computer games, think of how wonderful it would be if I am proficient in English and Programming.
and I have to be strong, think of those stupid guys xx , if I want to get rid of them , I have to be skillful at tech.
no compouter games in the next months, I have to be intereted and focused on study.
if I want to totally focus on English and Tech study , I have to give up pc games.    
                  
instructions: at office, except I have to speak to team, I only think in english, speak Eng with myself, so there's no chinese in my mind,    
so, 3 hours for english use, and 2 hours for learning pluralsight with english , I could have 5 hours at least in english use, that sounds perfect!!!
5 *25    125 hours a month in english use, 

english use is very important, today , I learned queue number, house fund, traffic restriciton based on the last digit of license plate numbers.


http  
html fundamentals and my practise: 5 days
css fundamentals : 5 days
javascript fundamentals:
my javascript book review and practise:  5days??  6.25 
jquery book and practise:
html5 fundamentals and my html5 book: 15 days?

======><building app with mvc>:10 days
<mmvc 4 fundamental>: 8 days
<mvc 5 fundamental>
<build app with mvc 5>

<sql server >??

EF: 7days  


I can't learn every techniques, I have to restrict these techs I have to learn, they are 
css layout, 
html basic, 
mvc basic
ef basic, 
sql 
sql performance tuning
jquery basic, 
web socket



and I think that's enough!!!!!





defects: narrow minded, not persistent
model:Lu zhi shun, he is really a good model I should follow, he is so strong and proficient at Kongfu but he is not arrogant, he always respects and admire others who are also good at KongFu




sql server 2012 key:

MICROSOFT SQL SERVER 2012 ENTERPRISE CORE 版（企业版）
序列号：FH666-Y346V-7XFQ3-V69JM-RHW28

chrome, google account: gylong@yeah.net ,   pppp: same as skype
51job : abcabc123
https://api.jquery.com/  jquery api
https://www.w3schools.com/howto/howto_css_overlay.asp   w3school


learning Items from plural sight:
    Domain-Driven Design Fundamentals  
	Modern Software Architecture: Domain Models, CQRS, and Event Sourcing
web layout:	 https://app.pluralsight.com/library/search?q=web+layout

ef:  entity framework performance, 
entity framework in the enterprise
entity framework migration for  .. => automating deployments
end



英语听写:

提高听力，绝对没有捷径。花胡桃作为一枚翻译，在听力上下过大把功夫。以我的亲身经历而言，最有效的方法就是「听抄」，但这也是最痛苦的办法。因为需要花上大量的时间，而且还得不断重复训练。


所谓「听抄」，其实就是给听力训练增加了一个抄写的步骤 —— 把自己听到的东西，逐字逐句地写下来。具体步骤如下：

—— 泛听：整篇泛听，理解全文大意；

—— 精听：每听一至两句话暂停，将听到的内容逐字逐句抄写下来；

—— 重听：音频重放，综合语境查漏补缺（此步骤可重复多遍）；

—— 查阅：对于听不出来的部分，试着“大胆假设，小心求证”，利用各种渠道进行查询，再放回原文进行验证，尽量补充出更多的内容；

—— 对照：将自己的听抄与原文进行对比，看哪些地方没有听出来，并分析原因。例如，是否因为单词不认识？是否因为自己本身发音不标准，导致正确发音反而听不出来？还是讲话人有什么口音？…… 然后，有针对性地各个击破。


大家如果能按照这个方法听上三个月，一定会体验量变到质变的神奇过程。可能你要想，「什么？这么久？」拜托，你英语不好的时间都十几二十年了，还在乎花上这三个月吗？


　听力立体训练法的周期一般是三个月时间。在这三个月的时间中，横向的听抄和速读练习是应该贯穿始终坚持去做的，而纵向的三个层次可以分阶段来做。第一个月的时间应该以单词突破为主，
这里需要强调的一点是雅思的单词不仅要做到会听，还一定要做到会拼写，所以一定要保证三遍以上的循环才行。第二个月的时间应该以场景和题型的突破为主，各个击破并辅之以单词的复习。
而最后一个月要进入综合训练的环节，每周完整地做两到三套真题，并且根据做题的情况对单词，场景和题型进行总结回顾式的复习，对于薄弱环节重点突破。 


在选择之前其实看了很多关于这个方法的褒贬，最后看到无老师那句这是听力提高的唯一且必须的途径，于是下定决心坚持了一个月，今天是第28天，终于看到显著的效果了，听力从之前的几乎错70%到现在的只错一两道题。好吧，我承认我很开心。每个lecture几乎都能听懂。
只想鼓励大家继续坚持下去，一定会有结果了。想想自己之前看不到这个方法的效果的时候的难受，我能理解大家的心情，但是相信我，坚持下去，想想自己看美剧都不用字幕会是怎么个帅！！！
加油啊，祝大家都考个好成绩。o(∩_∩)o


